Yeah.
Sit down, man.
How you doing?
[ Speaks Mandarin ]
Yeah. How you doing?
You the translator?
-Yes.
-What's your name?
-Christina.
-Christina. Hi, Christina.
Yeah. There you go, so what
part of China are you from?
[ Conversing in Mandarin ]
The southern part
of China.
Oh, okay.
Is it a city?
-Uh.
-Uh?
He means yes.
Oh. Well, he won't tell
the name of the city?
What's the name
of the city, dawg?
-Xiamen.
Salmon?
I like salmon.
Salmon is good. I like that.
First of all, we love you.
Tell him that.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yeah. See that?
Yeah.
You know what?
Can you do more
than one of these at a time?
-Three.
-Three?
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Show me something.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪♪
Yeah.
Come on, now.
Did you see
what he did?
He was tossing them
and solving it
at the same time.
I like you, man.
Tell him I really like him.
My man, talk us through
what you going
to do tonight.
Go ahead and tell everybody
what you gonna do tonight.
He and you
are going to compete.
-At this?
-Yes.
You about to find out
how stupid
I really am, boy.
♪♪♪
All right, folks.
This...
Try to cheat, partner.
I'm onto you.
You ready?
It's you against me.
Three, two, one, go.
I'm on it.
Don't worry about that.
On you, on you, dawg.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
You ain't see that
move there, did you?
[ Cheers and applause ]
Don't worry, partner.
Get these whites
aligned, dawg.
♪♪♪
Oh, my head hurt.
Ain't no whites...
Oh.
♪♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
That's what
I'm talking about.
Come on, baby.
♪♪♪
I almost had it.
Better not get that
thing with your feet.
♪♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Ladies and gentlemen,
this is the greatest
performer I've ever seen!